GKE + CloudSQL deployment added (#126)
spotify/bigtable-autoscaler: gke/README.md

> # Bigtable auto-scaler Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Bigtable autoscaler Deployment
```

## General

> In this guide we will deploy Bigtable auto-scaler into GKE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide we will deploy Bigtable autoscaler into GKE.
```

  * If the autoscaler is running in the same GCP project as all the Bigtable clusters, the Compute Engine Default Service Account is sufficient.
  * The minimum permissions are:
    * Role Bigtable Administrator, in particular the permissions
      * bigtable.clusters.get
      * bigtable.clusters.update
    * Role Monitoring Viewer, in particular the permissions
      * monitoring.timeSeries.list
* Docker
* Java 11 and maven
* PostgreSQL database
* gcloud

### Set the environment

* Set some variables

```bash
export PROJECT_ID=(YOUR PROJECT ID)
export PROJECT_NUMBER=(YOUR PROJECT NUMBER)
export REGION=(REGION IN WHICH THINGS WILL BE DEPLOYED)
export ZONE=(ZONE IN WHICH THINGS WILL BE DEPLOYED)
export DB_INSTANCE_NAME=(NAME FOR POSTGRESQL INSTANCE)
export DB_PASSWORD=(CRAZY COMPLICATED PASWORD FOR THE DB)
export SERVICE_ACCOUNT_NAME="bigtable-autoscaler"
export DB_CONNECTION_NAME=${PROJECT_ID}:${REGION}:${DB_INSTANCE_NAME}
export BIGTABLE_INSTANCE_NAME=(Bigtable instance name)
export BIGTABLE_CLUSTER_ID=(Bigtable cluster name)
```

### Set the Postgres DB

* Set CloudSQL with Postgres

```bash
gcloud sql instances create ${DB_INSTANCE_NAME} \

> --database-version=POSTGRES_9_6 \

Reviewer: Since we are doing this, maybe it's interesting to use Cloud SQL on Postgres version 13 instead of 9.6. 
What do you think?
It has a bunch of interesting performance improvements. 
E.g. Smaller indexes and quicker queries.

Author: I was not sure if there are any specific dependencies on version 9.6. If the dev team is OK with version 13, I can do the change :-)

--cpu=1 \
--memory=3.75GB \
--region=${REGION}
```

* Generate and set a password for the DB

```bash
gcloud sql users set-password postgres \
--instance=${DB_INSTANCE_NAME} \
--password=${DB_PASSWORD}
```

* Init the DB and schema
  * DB name: autoscale
  * DB Schema: [src/main/resources/schema.sql](https://github.com/spotify/bigtable-autoscaler/blob/master/src/main/resources/schema.sql)
* Enable cloudSQL admin API: [https://console.developers.google.com/apis/api/sqladmin.googleapis.com/overview?project=<PROJECT_NUMBER>](https://console.developers.google.com/apis/api/sqladmin.googleapis.com/overview?project=<PROJECT_NUMBER>)

### Build the image

* Build the image as described in the main README file. Make sure you psh it to the right container registry (should look similar to us.gcr.io/${PROJECT_ID}/bigtable-autoscaler).

### Set GKE environment

> * We will use [Cloud SQL Proxy](https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql/sql-proxy) to connect the auto-scaler container to the Postgres DB. Cloud SQL Proxy provides secure access to your instances without the need for Authorized networks or for configuring SSL. The next steps follows the instructions in [this article](https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/postgres/connect-kubernetes-engine#providing_the_service_account_to_the_proxy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We will use [Cloud SQL Proxy](https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql/sql-proxy) to connect the autoscaler container to the Postgres DB. Cloud SQL Proxy provides secure access to your instances without the need for authorized networks or for configuring SSL. The next steps follows the instructions in [this article](https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/postgres/connect-kubernetes-engine#providing_the_service_account_to_the_proxy)
```
